So 'awk' is another useful command to use with the pipe.
You can basically use it to--when you have different columns of text that you're working with, so like
'ls -l' has this column, this column, this column.
You can pipe it into 'awk', and let's say we only wanted to print the file permissions of these folders.
You can do that: ''
Oops, I forgot the 'awk'
So there now you just printed only that first column, you could do the same with the second column
if you wanted those are all 1's; or the users of all them
and this
column might be useful to see, but there's this "total"  word that got stuck in there.
You can actually fix that with just another pipe.
You can use this 'grep' command and search for everything except total.
That's what the '-v' flag does.
And then there, it's gone.
So you can--when you first starting out, you can just, you know, keep piping and piping and
different commands until you get just the information that you want.